---
title: RQ2
question: How might we reduce onboarding and training time needed and decrease TTV for the web application?
img: /assets/stock-1.jpg
img_alt: Iridescent ripples of a bright blue and pink liquid
description: |
 How might we reduce onboarding and training time needed and decrease TTV for the web application?
tags:
  - Library 
  - Competitor analysis
  - Prototyping
---

## Sub-questions
##### What is the current onboarding & training process like throughout the product?

##### What needs to be improved?


##### What makes the product so difficult that it needs training?

What confuses them?
##### What is the current TTV? First agenda point, First meeting report, First template used, First pro feature they miss in free plan (When they decide to buy)

**5.88 Days.** Thats how long it took users to create a second meeting through NotulenSoftware. This number was arrived at through a single powerful SQL query statement on an anonymised copy of production data.


##### How can it be tracked?
An anonymised copy of the database is created and user tables contain the date their account was created. 

From there you can query the meeting table for owner ids that match the user ids, and then select their second meeting based on date created, we then compare the second meeting date to the account creation date and then average the results. 

We are not interested in users that have made a second meeting longer than 1 month after their account was created.

If we eliminate those users we get an average of **5.88 days** across **398 users**.

This is a number we can work with. We want to lower this average by a minimum of 1 day.


##### How can it be improved?

User research in the form of Library, Expert interview, and User testing can help us arrive at a better TTV.

The conclusion was that the Walkthrough should be split into smaller single-feature guides. Automated walkthroughs are good because it makes the user more inclined to just watch, and not get frustrated with all the clicks required to progress. Furthermore, if the WTs showed animated GIFs it will bring up user engagement. 

Another insight gathered by all the research methods was that the larger WTs should be broken in half, and then we should ask the user for deliberate confirmation that they want to continue into a deeper part of the WT. This gives user a sense of control in their experience.



##### What are the current walkthrough steps?

Welcome => Open up create meeting dialog => Show user how to add a template => Click on plan meeting => Show user how to add an agenda point inside the meeting => Show user about action points and decisions => Bring user back to dashboard

There are 12 steps in total, and we should keep the WTs as small as possible according to the research.

##### Why do users click away from the walkthrough?

**Too many steps**

**They just want to explore the software on their own**

**They are in a hurry to make their first meeting**

**They accidentally close it, and do not know how to get it back**


##### Mapping research techniques to conclusions

##### Source(s)